Step-by-Step Guide to Registering a Twitter Application

1.  First you need to register for a Twitter developer acocunt.  
	Navigate to dev.twitter.com and Sign In using button in the upper right corner.  
	Login with the Twitter account you'd like to associate with Missing Link.
	
2.  Click the Apply button in the upper-right hand corner.

3.  Click the 'Apply for a developer account' button. 
    (If you haven't already, you'll be asked to bind your account to a phone number.)

4.	Click 'Continue' to associate your current Twitter account with your developer account.

5.	Select the 'I am requesting access for my own personal use' radio button and name your developer account.  
	I would use the same name as the Twitter account to keep things simple.  
	Select your primary country of operation and press 'Continue'.
	
6.	Select the 'Chatbots and automation' use case from the list.

7.  You will be asked to describe in your own words what you will be building and answer four questions.
	Copy and paste the text provided below:
	
	1. I am using the Twitter API to check for retweets of my content in order to automate chat rewards on Twitch.
	2. I am checking retweet ID's against my user list to reward viewers.
	3. This application will not post any content to Twitter.
	4. Viewers of my Twitch channel will be rewarded for retweeting my content once they register with my application.

8.  Let Twitter know that you're not sharing it's API with any governments and hit 'Continue'.

9.  Read and accept the Terms of Service and click 'Submit application'.

10. Verify your email address.  You now the proud owner of a Twitter dev account.  Now it's time to register the app and get the keys.

11. Click the 'Apps' button in the top right, then click 'Create an app'.

12. You can name the app whatever you'd like, it doesn't matter.  For example, I used "Nate's Missing Link".  
	Enter the text for the application description:

		"Missing Link is a third-party application which adds Twitter functionality to DeepBot, a popular Twitch chatbot."
		
13.	A Website URL is required.  Use https://github.com/OmegaNix/Missing-Link.  Click the "Enable Sign in with Twitter checkbox.
	In the Callback URL's field, I just use "https://www.google.com" because this application doesn't make any OAuth callbacks.  You can use the following text 
	to fill the text area labeled "Tell us how this app will be used":
	
	"Missing Link is a third-party application which adds Twitter functionality to DeepBot,
	a popular Twitch chatbot.  It allows the streamer to a select a Tweet which viewers can 
	retweet and be rewarded automatically with chatroom currency, extending their social media 
	visibility and attracting new users to the channel."

14. Click the 'Create' button at the bottom of the screen.  Review the terms and click 'Create' again.

15. Congratulations.  You have registered a Twitter app.  Click the "Keys and Tokens" tab, then click "Create" under
	"Access token & access token secret" to get your credentials.  You can now copy and paste the four keys for your Twitter app into the Missing Link web form.